Minor Grammer fixes to docs (#3521)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/plugins/commons-chunk-plugin.md

### Passing the `minChunks` property a function

> You also can pass the `minChunks` property a function. This function is called by the `CommonsChunkPlugin` and calls the function with `module` and `count` arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass the `minChunks` property a function. This function is called by the `CommonsChunkPlugin` and calls the function with `module` and `count` arguments.
```

> You also can pass the `minChunks` property a function. This function is called by the `CommonsChunkPlugin` and calls the function with `module` and `count` arguments.

Reviewer 2: Current version was fine

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You also have the ability to pass the `minChunks` property a function. This function is called by the `CommonsChunkPlugin` and calls the function with `module` and `count` arguments.
```
